# CLI API Client

This CLI client is based off of the OpenAPI specification for the [unified test API](https://https://github.com/snyk/test-api-shim).
This is a low-level integration of the new Unified Test API for Snyk Code tests.

## Intent

This Go client provides API-level interactions with the Test Service.  High-level tasks can be built using these API interactions; for example, fetch an asset ID and then query test outcomes for it.

## Directory Contents

This directory contains the following files that enable the above intent:

- `cfg.yaml`: Configuration file for the `oapi-codegen` utility; defines the result package name, output file name, and which components to generate (models and client)
- `gen.go`: defines the `go:generate` step to create the API client
- `unified-test-api.gen.go`: Generated Go API client and models for the Test Service.
- `unified-test-spec\`: files generated by /scripts/pull-down-unified-test-api-spec.sh.
    - `unified-test-api.yaml`: OpenAPI specification for the most recent version of the Unified Test API.
    - `generated.txt`: contains the fetched YAML's SHA and timestamp.
- `unified-test-repo\`: cached repository where API YAML is pulled from. Can be deleted or kept for regenerating the Go client.

Related files:
- `<root>/scripts/pull-down-unified-test-api-spec.sh`: retrieves the OpenAPI spec for the Unified Test API from Github internal repository, writes it to `internal/api/test-api/unified-test-spec/unified-test-api.yaml`. Requires access to the internal repository.


## Usage

- Run <repo>/scripts/pull-down-unified-test-api-spec.sh to fetch the latest Unified Test OpenAPI spec into <repo>/internal/api/test-api/unified-test-spec/unified-test-api.yaml.
    - Note: git internal access is required to update from this repo.
    - Note: <repo>/internal/api/test-api/unified-test-repo/ caches this repo but may be deleted after these steps.
- cd <repo>/internal/api/test-api/
- Run `go generate` to create the `unified-test-api.gen.go` API functions.
